README.md, before:

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/fractal-platform/pihsiu/releases">
    <img width="200" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/fractal-platform/pihsiu/master/docs/logo.png">
  </a>
</p>

<h1 align="center">Pihsiu Wallet</h1>

<div align="center">

Connect you to fantastic Fractal Block Chain.

</div>

English | [简体中文](./README-zh_CN.md)

## ✨ Features

Pihsiu enhances your browser to connect to Fractal block chain. Pihsiu makes it possible for you to run Dapp right without a local Fractal full node. And it has a secure vault inside to manage your account identities and sign transaction across different network.

The goal of Pihsiu is to make it as easy as possible to talk with Fractal.

## 📦 Install

### Dev Version

1. Get chrome extension [here](https://github.com/fractal-platform/pihsiu/releases)
2. Open your Chrome Browser and goto [chrome://extensions](chrome://extensions)
3. Open **development mode** and drag and drop the .crx file into.

![alt open_dev_mode](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/fractal-platform/pihsiu/master/docs/open_dev_mode.png)

### F&Q

#### 1. If you got `Package is invalid: "CRX_REQUIRED_PROOF_MISSING"` problem while install dev version:

try these steps several times:

* Remove Pihsiu add-on in Chrome
* Close chrome ( Make sure all chrome process has quit already )
* Start chrome, and go into chrome://extensions, reopen development mode and drag crx to chrome.

## 🖥 Usage

Demo video

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1z4pTe0aMqs&feature=youtu.be">
    <img width="200" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/fractal-platform/pihsiu/master/docs/youtube.png">
  </a>
</p>

Commit message:

add released link for chrome.

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/fractal-platform/pihsiu/releases">
    <img width="200" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/fractal-platform/pihsiu/master/docs/logo.png">
  </a>
</p>

<h1 align="center">Pihsiu Wallet</h1>

<div align="center">

Connect you to fantastic Fractal Block Chain.

</div>

English | [简体中文](./README-zh_CN.md)

## ✨ Features

Pihsiu enhances your browser to connect to Fractal block chain. Pihsiu makes it possible for you to run Dapp right without a local Fractal full node. And it has a secure vault inside to manage your account identities and sign transaction across different network.

The goal of Pihsiu is to make it as easy as possible to talk with Fractal.

## 📦 Install

### Released Version

* for [chrome browser](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/pihsiu/lbfkjikmajfblaomhgdbdombjkgaeico)

### Dev Version

1. Get chrome extension [here](https://github.com/fractal-platform/pihsiu/releases), download the zip file.
2. Open your Chrome Browser and goto [chrome://extensions](chrome://extensions)
3. Open **development mode** and unzip the extension.zip file, click **Load unpacked** and select the unzipped folder.

![alt open_dev_mode](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/fractal-platform/pihsiu/master/docs/open_dev_mode.png)

### F&Q

#### 1. If you got `Package is invalid: "CRX_REQUIRED_PROOF_MISSING"` problem while install dev version:

try these steps several times:

* Remove Pihsiu add-on in Chrome
* Close chrome ( Make sure all chrome process has quit already )
* Start chrome, and go into chrome://extensions, reopen development mode and drag crx to chrome.

## 🖥 Usage

Demo video

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1z4pTe0aMqs&feature=youtu.be">
    <img width="200" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/fractal-platform/pihsiu/master/docs/youtube.png">
  </a>
</p>
